README.md, before:

# aicollective.tools

Explore a curated selection of AI tools and resources at aicollective.tools.

aicollective.tools is an exciting new open-source project that aims to gather a comprehensive collection of AI tools. We are actively seeking enthusiastic contributors to help us build and expand this valuable resource.

You can help by sending [Pull Requests](https://github.com/Hyraze/ai-collective-tools) to add more services or remove ones whose offerings have changed or been retired.

[![Track Awesome List](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/badge.svg)](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/Hyraze/ai-collective-tools)

## Pricing

Use these hashtags in search to filter out the tools

- #free
- #freemium
- #paid

# Table of Contents

- [Art](#art)
- [3D](#3d)
- [Art](#art)
- [Audio Editing](#audio-editing)
- [Avatars](#avatars)
- [Chatbots](#chatbots)
- [Code Assistant](#code-assistant)
- [Copywriting](#copywriting)
- [Customer Support](#customer-support)
- [Dating](#dating)
- [Design Assistant](#design-assistant)
- [Developer](#developer)
- [E-Commerce](#e-commerce)
- [Education](#education)
- [Email Assistant](#email-assistant)
- [Experiments](#experiments)
- [Fashion](#fashion)
- [Finance](#finance)
- [Fitness](#fitness)
- [Fun Tools](#funtools)
- [Gaming](#gaming)
- [General Writing](#general-writing)
- [Gift Ideas](#gift-ideas)
- [HealthCare](#healthcare)
- [Human Resources](#human-resources)
- [Image Editing](#image-editing)
- [Image Generator](#image-generator)
- [Legal Assistant](#legal-assistant)
- [Life Assistant](#life-assistant)
- [Logo Generator](#logo-generator)
- [Low-Code/No-Code](#low-code/no-code)
- [Models](#models)
- [Memory](#memory)
- [Music](#music)
- [Paraphraser](#paraphraser)
- [Personalized Videos](#personalized-videos)
- [Presentations](#presentations)
- [Productivity](#productivity)
- [Prompts](#prompts)
- [Real Estate](#real-estate)
- [Religion](#religion)
- [Research](#research)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Resume](#resume)
- [Sales](#sales)
- [Search Engine](#search-engine)
- [SEO](#seo)
- [Social Media](#social-media)
- [Spreadsheets](#spreadsheets)
- [SQL](#sql)
- [Startup Tools](#startup-tools)
- [Story Teller](#story-teller)
- [Summarizer](#summarizer)
- [Text to Speech](#text-to-speech)
- [Transcriber](#transcriber)
- [Travel](#travel)
- [Video Editing](#video-editing)
- [Video Generator](#video-generator)
- [Other Resources](#other-resources)

## 3D

- [Alpha3D](https://www.alpha3d.io/) - Alpha3D is a revolutionary generative AI-powered platform that transforms 2D images into high-quality 3D assets at scale. #paid
- [Meshy](https://www.meshy.ai) - Create Stunning 3D Game Assets with AI #free
- [Pixela AI](https://pixela.ai/) - AI-generated game textures. Share yours with the community! #free
- [StudioGPT by Latent Labs](https://www.latentlabs.art/) - Reimagine Your Visual Designs with AI-Powered Creativity. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Art

- [Easy-Peasy.ai](https://easy-peasy.ai) - AI copywriting tools to help you tell your story in the most engaging way. #freemium
- [Dall-E 3](https://openai.com/dall-e-3) - AI image generator accesible Microsoft's Bing Chat and Bing Image Creator #free
- [PixAI.Art](https://pixai.art) - AI art generator designed specifically for creating anime-inspired artwork #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Audio Editing

- [Krisp](https://krisp.ai) - Krisp's AI removes background noise & echo from meetings #freemium
- [VideoDubber](https://videodubber.ai) - Offers free video translation, dubbing, voice cloning, and text-to-speech services. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Avatars

- [Never AI](https://www.never.tech) - Unlock Your Imagination with Never's Hyper-Realistic AI Images. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Chatbots

- [Bard](https://bard.google.com/) - An experimental AI chatbot by Google, powered by the LaMDA model. #free
- [Bing Chat](https://www.bing.com/chat) - A conversational AI language model powered by Microsoft Bing. #free
- [Character.AI](https://character.ai/) - Character.AI lets you create characters and chat to them. #freemium
- [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/chat) - ChatGPT by OpenAI is a large language model that interacts in a conversational way. #freemium
- [ChatPDF](https://www.chatpdf.com/) - Chat with any PDF. #free
- [ChatSonic](https://writesonic.com/chat) - An AI-powered assistant that enables text and image creation. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Code Assistant

- [Codeium](https://codeium.com/) - AI-powered code acceleration toolkit to code smarter, not harder. #free
- [Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot) - AI assistant that speeds up delivery and keeps your code safe #paid
- [Tabnine](https://www.tabnine.com/) - Tabnine helps developers write code faster, in any IDE. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Copywriting

- [Heroguide](https://www.heroguide.ai/) - Craft your unique brand message effortlessly with the Heroguide. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Customer Support

- [Chatfuel AI](https://chatfuel.com/lite) - AI-powered chatbot platform: elevate customer support and sales #freemium
- [Humata AI](https://www.humata.ai/) - ChatGPT for your files. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Dating

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Design Assistant

- [Paintit.ai](https://paintit.ai/interior-ai/) - Paintit.ai is an AI-powered tool that enables users to generate unique AI interior visualizations in minutes #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Developer

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## E-Commerce

- [Aidaptive](https://aidaptive.com/request-demo) - Predictive personalization engines for eCommerce and Hospitality #paid
- [Lumiere 3D](https://www.lumiere3d.ai/) - This tool is verified because it is either an established company or has good social media presence #paid
- [Sellesta](https://sellesta.com/marketplace/) - Revamp your Amazon business with Sellesta AI tools! Keyword Research, Listing Optimization, and Keyword Tracking. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Education

- [ClassPoint AI](https://www.classpoint.io/) - AI tool for teachers to generate questions out of any PowerPoint slide. #free
- [Education CoPilot](https://educationcopilot.com/) - AI tool helps teachers design their curriculum, lesson plans and activities, and track the progress of their students. #freemium
- [Formative AI](https://www.formative.com/ai-powered) - AI tool that assists teachers in assessing their students’ work. #free
- [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/) - AI-powered grading and assessment tool. #freemium
- [QuillBot](https://quillbot.com/) - AI-powered paraphrasing tool. #freemium
- [SlidesAI.io](https://www.slidesai.io/) - powerful AI tool that can help teachers create visually appealing and engaging presentations for their classroom teaching instantly. #freemium
- [Sibyl AI](https://sibyls.ai/) - Provide guidance, insights, and support for individuals at different levels of spiritual exploration, from neophytes to adepts and holistic practitioners. #paid
- [Textero.ai AI Essay Writer](https://textero.ai/) - Your reliable AI academic assistant for tasks of any scale. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Email Assistant

- [Rytr](https://rytr.me/) - AI writing assistant for fast, affordable, high-quality content. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Experiments

- [Hey Data](https://heydata.org/) - Personalized prompt framework and shortcut suite for Apple devices that replaces Siri with ChatGPT. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Fashion

- [Artificial Printer](https://artificialprinter.com/) - Print personalized t-shirts. #free
- [Dressrious](https://www.dressrious.com/) - Offers personalized daily outfit recommendations based on users' wardrobe items, weather conditions, occasions, and color preferences. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Finance

- [BeeBee AI](https://www.beebee.ai/) - Financial reports and earnings calls become easily understandable with key insights for everyday investors. #free
- [Coinfeeds](https://chat.coinfeeds.io/) - Your Crypto Chatbot Companion, ask it anything! #free
- [Durable](https://durable.co/) - Build a website in 30 seconds with AI, leveraging AI-powered design and marketing tools to boost traffic and increase revenue. #freemium
- [HoopsAI](https://www.hoopsai.com/) - Offers real-time trading insights and analysis for retail investors. #free
- [Uptrends.ai](https://app.uptrends.ai/trending) - The first AI stock market news monitoring platform made for DIY investors. Uptrends.ai analyzes chatter to help you find the trends & events that matter. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Fitness

- [Hypereficient](https://hyperficient.org/) - Optimizes workout routines for maximum muscle gain in less time. #free
- [PPLEGPT](https://pplegpt.vercel.app/) - Your next exercise in seconds #free
- [Sista.AI](https://sista.ai/fitness-coach) - Personalized workout plans, goal setting, nutrition coaching, injury prevention, mind-body connection, and ongoing support to help you achieve your fitness goals. #paid
- [Zing Coach](https://zing.body.scan.zingproduction.com/) - AI-powered fitness tool, streamlines the process of evaluating fitness levels #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Fun Tools

- [Dream Interpreter](https://dreaminterpreter.ai/) - Dream interpreter using GPT-3 #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Gaming

- [Booom.ai](https://joinplayroom.com/games/booom/) - Generate a trivia game using AI #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## General Writing

- [Free Essay Generator](https://academichelp.net/free-essay-generator/) - Assists students and writers in creating high-quality essays effortlessly. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Gift Ideas

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## HealthCare

- [Enlitic ](https://enlitic.com/) - an AI-driven application that lets you transform big data into relevant insights that can help you make more accurate, strategic, and timely decisions. #paid
- [Viz.AI](https://www.viz.ai/) - Offers a wide range of features to help healthcare professionals run their operations more efficiently and accurately. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Human Resources

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Image Editing

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Image Generator

- [Kaiber](https://kaiber.ai/) - Tell stories like never before with our advanced AI generation engine #freemium
- [Midjourney AI](https://www.midjourneyai.ai/) - Just enter your prompt and click the generate button.No code required to generate your image!

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Legal Assistant

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Life Assistant

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Logo Generator

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Low-Code/No-Code

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Models

- [Bloom](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/bloom) - BLOOM by Hugging Face is a model similar to GPT-3
- [Claude 2](https://claude.ai/) - Talk to Claude, an AI assistant from Anthropic. #paid
- [Gopher](https://www.deepmind.com/blog/language-modelling-at-scale-gopher-ethical-considerations-and-retrieval) - Gopher by DeepMind is a 280 billion parameter language model. #free
- [LiteLLM](https://litellm.ai/) - An open-source library to simplify LLM completion + embedding calls. #free #opensource
- [LLaMA](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/large-language-model-llama-meta-ai/) - A foundational, 65-billion-parameter large language model by Meta. #opensource #free
- [LLaVA](https://llava-vl.github.io/) - Large Language and Vision Assistant #opensource #free
- [Llama 2](https://ai.meta.com/llama/) - The next generation of Meta's open source large language model. #opensource #free
- [OpenAI API](https://openai.com/api/) - OpenAI's API provides access to GPT-3 and GPT-4 models, which performs a wide variety of natural language tasks, and Codex, which translates natural language to code. #freemium
- [OPT](https://opt.alpa.ai/) - Open Pretrained Transformers (OPT) by Facebook is a suite of decoder-only pre-trained transformers. #opensource #free
- [Vicuna-13B](https://lmsys.org/blog/2023-03-30-vicuna/) - An open-source chatbot trained by fine-tuning LLaMA on user-shared conversations collected from ShareGPT. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Memory

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Music

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Paraphraser

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Personalized Videos

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Presentations

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Productivity

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Prompts

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Real Estate

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Religion

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Research

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Resources

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Resume

- [LoopCV](https://www.loopcv.pro/) - Upload your CV, Select the type of Job You Want, and Press Start! Loopcv will Mass Apply on your behalf Every Single Day #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Sales

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Search Engine

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## SEO

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Social Media

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Spreadsheets

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## SQL

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Startup Tools

- [Olympia](https://olympia.chat) - AI-powered virtual staffing tool tailored for solopreneurs and bootstrapped startups. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Story Teller

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Summarizer

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Text to Speech

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Transcriber

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Travel

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Video Editing

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Video Generator

- [Heygen](https://www.heygen.com/) - Create videos from text in minutes with AI-generated avatars and voices. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Other Resources

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

Commit message:

docs: :lipstick: added tools in dating section

README.md, after:

# aicollective.tools

Explore a curated selection of AI tools and resources at aicollective.tools.

aicollective.tools is an exciting new open-source project that aims to gather a comprehensive collection of AI tools. We are actively seeking enthusiastic contributors to help us build and expand this valuable resource.

You can help by sending [Pull Requests](https://github.com/Hyraze/ai-collective-tools) to add more services or remove ones whose offerings have changed or been retired.

[![Track Awesome List](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/badge.svg)](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/Hyraze/ai-collective-tools)

## Pricing

Use these hashtags in search to filter out the tools

- #free
- #freemium
- #paid

# Table of Contents

- [Art](#art)
- [3D](#3d)
- [Art](#art)
- [Audio Editing](#audio-editing)
- [Avatars](#avatars)
- [Chatbots](#chatbots)
- [Code Assistant](#code-assistant)
- [Copywriting](#copywriting)
- [Customer Support](#customer-support)
- [Dating](#dating)
- [Design Assistant](#design-assistant)
- [Developer](#developer)
- [E-Commerce](#e-commerce)
- [Education](#education)
- [Email Assistant](#email-assistant)
- [Experiments](#experiments)
- [Fashion](#fashion)
- [Finance](#finance)
- [Fitness](#fitness)
- [Fun Tools](#funtools)
- [Gaming](#gaming)
- [General Writing](#general-writing)
- [Gift Ideas](#gift-ideas)
- [HealthCare](#healthcare)
- [Human Resources](#human-resources)
- [Image Editing](#image-editing)
- [Image Generator](#image-generator)
- [Legal Assistant](#legal-assistant)
- [Life Assistant](#life-assistant)
- [Logo Generator](#logo-generator)
- [Low-Code/No-Code](#low-code/no-code)
- [Models](#models)
- [Memory](#memory)
- [Music](#music)
- [Paraphraser](#paraphraser)
- [Personalized Videos](#personalized-videos)
- [Presentations](#presentations)
- [Productivity](#productivity)
- [Prompts](#prompts)
- [Real Estate](#real-estate)
- [Religion](#religion)
- [Research](#research)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [Resume](#resume)
- [Sales](#sales)
- [Search Engine](#search-engine)
- [SEO](#seo)
- [Social Media](#social-media)
- [Spreadsheets](#spreadsheets)
- [SQL](#sql)
- [Startup Tools](#startup-tools)
- [Story Teller](#story-teller)
- [Summarizer](#summarizer)
- [Text to Speech](#text-to-speech)
- [Transcriber](#transcriber)
- [Travel](#travel)
- [Video Editing](#video-editing)
- [Video Generator](#video-generator)
- [Other Resources](#other-resources)

## 3D

- [Alpha3D](https://www.alpha3d.io/) - Alpha3D is a revolutionary generative AI-powered platform that transforms 2D images into high-quality 3D assets at scale. #paid
- [Meshy](https://www.meshy.ai) - Create Stunning 3D Game Assets with AI #free
- [Pixela AI](https://pixela.ai/) - AI-generated game textures. Share yours with the community! #free
- [StudioGPT by Latent Labs](https://www.latentlabs.art/) - Reimagine Your Visual Designs with AI-Powered Creativity. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Art

- [Easy-Peasy.ai](https://easy-peasy.ai) - AI copywriting tools to help you tell your story in the most engaging way. #freemium
- [Dall-E 3](https://openai.com/dall-e-3) - AI image generator accesible Microsoft's Bing Chat and Bing Image Creator #free
- [PixAI.Art](https://pixai.art) - AI art generator designed specifically for creating anime-inspired artwork #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Audio Editing

- [Krisp](https://krisp.ai) - Krisp's AI removes background noise & echo from meetings #freemium
- [VideoDubber](https://videodubber.ai) - Offers free video translation, dubbing, voice cloning, and text-to-speech services. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Avatars

- [Never AI](https://www.never.tech) - Unlock Your Imagination with Never's Hyper-Realistic AI Images. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Chatbots

- [Bard](https://bard.google.com/) - An experimental AI chatbot by Google, powered by the LaMDA model. #free
- [Bing Chat](https://www.bing.com/chat) - A conversational AI language model powered by Microsoft Bing. #free
- [Character.AI](https://character.ai/) - Character.AI lets you create characters and chat to them. #freemium
- [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/chat) - ChatGPT by OpenAI is a large language model that interacts in a conversational way. #freemium
- [ChatPDF](https://www.chatpdf.com/) - Chat with any PDF. #free
- [ChatSonic](https://writesonic.com/chat) - An AI-powered assistant that enables text and image creation. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Code Assistant

- [Codeium](https://codeium.com/) - AI-powered code acceleration toolkit to code smarter, not harder. #free
- [Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot) - AI assistant that speeds up delivery and keeps your code safe #paid
- [Tabnine](https://www.tabnine.com/) - Tabnine helps developers write code faster, in any IDE. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Copywriting

- [Heroguide](https://www.heroguide.ai/) - Craft your unique brand message effortlessly with the Heroguide. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Customer Support

- [Chatfuel AI](https://chatfuel.com/lite) - AI-powered chatbot platform: elevate customer support and sales #freemium
- [Humata AI](https://www.humata.ai/) - ChatGPT for your files. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Dating

- [Pickmyline](https://www.pickmyline.online/) - Not able to start conversation even after getting matched? Here is a ChatGPT powered pickup line generator for you!! #free
- [Yourmove.ai](https://www.yourmove.ai/) - Making conversations easier. So you can spend less time texting, and more time dating. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Design Assistant

- [Paintit.ai](https://paintit.ai/interior-ai/) - Paintit.ai is an AI-powered tool that enables users to generate unique AI interior visualizations in minutes #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Developer

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## E-Commerce

- [Aidaptive](https://aidaptive.com/request-demo) - Predictive personalization engines for eCommerce and Hospitality #paid
- [Lumiere 3D](https://www.lumiere3d.ai/) - This tool is verified because it is either an established company or has good social media presence #paid
- [Sellesta](https://sellesta.com/marketplace/) - Revamp your Amazon business with Sellesta AI tools! Keyword Research, Listing Optimization, and Keyword Tracking. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Education

- [ClassPoint AI](https://www.classpoint.io/) - AI tool for teachers to generate questions out of any PowerPoint slide. #free
- [Education CoPilot](https://educationcopilot.com/) - AI tool helps teachers design their curriculum, lesson plans and activities, and track the progress of their students. #freemium
- [Formative AI](https://www.formative.com/ai-powered) - AI tool that assists teachers in assessing their students’ work. #free
- [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/) - AI-powered grading and assessment tool. #freemium
- [QuillBot](https://quillbot.com/) - AI-powered paraphrasing tool. #freemium
- [SlidesAI.io](https://www.slidesai.io/) - powerful AI tool that can help teachers create visually appealing and engaging presentations for their classroom teaching instantly. #freemium
- [Sibyl AI](https://sibyls.ai/) - Provide guidance, insights, and support for individuals at different levels of spiritual exploration, from neophytes to adepts and holistic practitioners. #paid
- [Textero.ai AI Essay Writer](https://textero.ai/) - Your reliable AI academic assistant for tasks of any scale. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Email Assistant

- [Rytr](https://rytr.me/) - AI writing assistant for fast, affordable, high-quality content. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Experiments

- [Hey Data](https://heydata.org/) - Personalized prompt framework and shortcut suite for Apple devices that replaces Siri with ChatGPT. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Fashion

- [Artificial Printer](https://artificialprinter.com/) - Print personalized t-shirts. #free
- [Dressrious](https://www.dressrious.com/) - Offers personalized daily outfit recommendations based on users' wardrobe items, weather conditions, occasions, and color preferences. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Finance

- [BeeBee AI](https://www.beebee.ai/) - Financial reports and earnings calls become easily understandable with key insights for everyday investors. #free
- [Coinfeeds](https://chat.coinfeeds.io/) - Your Crypto Chatbot Companion, ask it anything! #free
- [Durable](https://durable.co/) - Build a website in 30 seconds with AI, leveraging AI-powered design and marketing tools to boost traffic and increase revenue. #freemium
- [HoopsAI](https://www.hoopsai.com/) - Offers real-time trading insights and analysis for retail investors. #free
- [Uptrends.ai](https://app.uptrends.ai/trending) - The first AI stock market news monitoring platform made for DIY investors. Uptrends.ai analyzes chatter to help you find the trends & events that matter. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Fitness

- [Hypereficient](https://hyperficient.org/) - Optimizes workout routines for maximum muscle gain in less time. #free
- [PPLEGPT](https://pplegpt.vercel.app/) - Your next exercise in seconds #free
- [Sista.AI](https://sista.ai/fitness-coach) - Personalized workout plans, goal setting, nutrition coaching, injury prevention, mind-body connection, and ongoing support to help you achieve your fitness goals. #paid
- [Zing Coach](https://zing.body.scan.zingproduction.com/) - AI-powered fitness tool, streamlines the process of evaluating fitness levels #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Fun Tools

- [Dream Interpreter](https://dreaminterpreter.ai/) - Dream interpreter using GPT-3 #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Gaming

- [Booom.ai](https://joinplayroom.com/games/booom/) - Generate a trivia game using AI #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## General Writing

- [Free Essay Generator](https://academichelp.net/free-essay-generator/) - Assists students and writers in creating high-quality essays effortlessly. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Gift Ideas

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## HealthCare

- [Enlitic ](https://enlitic.com/) - an AI-driven application that lets you transform big data into relevant insights that can help you make more accurate, strategic, and timely decisions. #paid
- [Viz.AI](https://www.viz.ai/) - Offers a wide range of features to help healthcare professionals run their operations more efficiently and accurately. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Human Resources

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Image Editing

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Image Generator

- [Kaiber](https://kaiber.ai/) - Tell stories like never before with our advanced AI generation engine #freemium
- [Midjourney AI](https://www.midjourneyai.ai/) - Just enter your prompt and click the generate button.No code required to generate your image!

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Legal Assistant

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Life Assistant

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Logo Generator

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Low-Code/No-Code

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Models

- [Bloom](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/bloom) - BLOOM by Hugging Face is a model similar to GPT-3
- [Claude 2](https://claude.ai/) - Talk to Claude, an AI assistant from Anthropic. #paid
- [Gopher](https://www.deepmind.com/blog/language-modelling-at-scale-gopher-ethical-considerations-and-retrieval) - Gopher by DeepMind is a 280 billion parameter language model. #free
- [LiteLLM](https://litellm.ai/) - An open-source library to simplify LLM completion + embedding calls. #free #opensource
- [LLaMA](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/large-language-model-llama-meta-ai/) - A foundational, 65-billion-parameter large language model by Meta. #opensource #free
- [LLaVA](https://llava-vl.github.io/) - Large Language and Vision Assistant #opensource #free
- [Llama 2](https://ai.meta.com/llama/) - The next generation of Meta's open source large language model. #opensource #free
- [OpenAI API](https://openai.com/api/) - OpenAI's API provides access to GPT-3 and GPT-4 models, which performs a wide variety of natural language tasks, and Codex, which translates natural language to code. #freemium
- [OPT](https://opt.alpa.ai/) - Open Pretrained Transformers (OPT) by Facebook is a suite of decoder-only pre-trained transformers. #opensource #free
- [Vicuna-13B](https://lmsys.org/blog/2023-03-30-vicuna/) - An open-source chatbot trained by fine-tuning LLaMA on user-shared conversations collected from ShareGPT. #free

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Memory

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Music

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Paraphraser

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Personalized Videos

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Presentations

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Productivity

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Prompts

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Real Estate

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Religion

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Research

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Resources

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Resume

- [LoopCV](https://www.loopcv.pro/) - Upload your CV, Select the type of Job You Want, and Press Start! Loopcv will Mass Apply on your behalf Every Single Day #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Sales

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Search Engine

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## SEO

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Social Media

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Spreadsheets

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## SQL

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Startup Tools

- [Olympia](https://olympia.chat) - AI-powered virtual staffing tool tailored for solopreneurs and bootstrapped startups. #paid

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Story Teller

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Summarizer

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Text to Speech

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Transcriber

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Travel

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Video Editing

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Video Generator

- [Heygen](https://www.heygen.com/) - Create videos from text in minutes with AI-generated avatars and voices. #freemium

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Other Resources

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**
